well howdy there internet people it's bo
again
so uh today
it's probably gonna be a long one we're
going to talk about
mistakes framing
talking points solutions whole bunch of
stuff
and we're going to be delving into an
issue that i've talked about before on
this channel a lot
but haven't done so in a while and it is
an incredibly uh
well let's just say it's a divisive
topic
so the democratic party has decided
to openly state that they're going to
move forward
in pursuit of drastic regulations
that are going to be opposed
by the very people they're trying to
reach across the aisle to
all of those moderates they've been
trying to recruit and trying to bring to
their side
they've uh they've made
something part of their platform that is
going to alienate a large
portion of them
they've said that they're going to go
after an assault weapons ban
okay that's a mistake that's going to be
a mistake
um to those who
may want heavy regulation you may look
at donald trump
as a defender of the second amendment
he's not
he's not a whole lot of the people who
are
ready to cross party lines
they were ready because they had a
suspicion that trump
might enact legislation when it comes to
firearms
now they have a suspicion about trump
and they have a promise from biden and
for a lot of people this is a make or
break issue
this is something that they're not going
to bend on
the gamble here that the democratic
party is taking
is that they're hoping these
these disaffected republicans
that they dislike trump
more than they like their guns that is
not a safe bet
that is not a safe bet that's not a bet
that's going to pay off right there
um aside from that
they they pushed away those voters at
the very least
risked them and they got nothing for it
anybody who is in support of an assault
weapons ban
they're already on the democratic side
they didn't gain any votes with this but
they alienated a lot of people
um it also
created some mixed messaging that
undercut the most important message the
democrats have right now
simultaneously it's really hard to say
democracy
is at risk we're right around the corner
from totalitarianism
oh and by the way we're going to disarm
you
that doesn't play well with a lot of
people
um that that's something that
it's hard to take both of those to heart
so it undercuts the most important
message
that trump is dangerous that he has to
that that that's the most important
thing is to get trump out of office
this uh this idea of we're right around
the corner from it
and we're gonna disarm you there is no
guarantee
that we won't get a competent trump
in another four years
those who are moving away from trump are
doing so because they recognize that
danger
they recognize it what do republicans do
when they see a danger what do they go
by
guns this is something that is striking
at the very heart
of the people they're trying to appeal
to
this i i think this was a
big mistake and it may be a deciding one
the the number of people that are going
to be alienated by this
are a lot more than uh i think
they believe
now i'm sure there are some people right
now going well we have to do something
and i agree i agree
other countries did this they did
and it kind of worked for them
however they were in a different place
the united states has
more guns than people
no other country had ownership even
remotely close to that
i i've made that point before but i
never had
good framing for it i never had a way to
demonstrate how important that little
tidbit is
in the grand scheme of things until
the recent public health issue right now
you have a whole bunch of republicans
saying hey we got to reopen the schools
they did it in other countries
what's the difference other countries
had much lower case numbers
other countries had stuff under control
they had won the culture war they had
won that debate
the public debate and they got everybody
on board with it
then once the case numbers got down
they were able to reopen the schools
this is the same thing
you have to get the public debate solved
first
before you can enact anything this
dramatic
um because at the end of the day you
have two types of bans that they can go
with
they can go with the assault weapons ban
like the one we have before
completely ineffective um for those who
are going to point to the statistics
compare them to trends
it was ineffective it had to be because
it didn't take a single gun off the
street
and it didn't stop anybody from buying
anything
what it did was it banned cosmetic
features
if you wanted to go buy model x
well you could it just had a different
stock
it didn't change the way it functioned
at all
that wasn't even addressed
it changed the names of some but
it didn't severely limit the ability
to get your hands on any of it
now the alternative to that would be to
go to the other extreme
which would be to ban
all semi-automatics which would be
pretty much every
new firearm design like the last hundred
years
which is going to anger tens of millions
of people who aren't going to comply
with it
because the numbers are too high because
the public debate hasn't been resolved
it's not like the uk and australia
it just turns it into another form of
prohibition
and as we learned in the 20s and by the
one that's ongoing now
that doesn't work in the u.s we're uh
we thrive on let's just call them
secondary markets
it's like our thing and that's what it
would do
is it would push the market underground
because of 3d printing because of home
manufacture because of the number
already in circulation
it's it's logistically not really
possible
and we don't have a list that's another
deciding thing
we don't have a list the closest thing
in the u.s that exists to a list of you
know where
you could find them would be nra
membership
they'd subpoena that list they'd get
that list and all of those people who
yeah anyway that's always funny to me
but
those would be the first people that had
theirs taken
and then from there though you don't
have anywhere to go and that's only a
fraction of owners
again we have more in the united states
than we have
people we have a huge
issue we're not at the point where we
can do the dramatic stuff
now so how do you solve it
because you have a whole bunch of
politicians with these dramatic talking
points but that's what they are they're
talking points
they're either not plausible or they're
ineffective
it's a lot like politicians with that
other issue
who do you have to listen to the experts
the people that actually know about it
the reason that first band was such a
joke is because they had people
involved in writing it that knew nothing
of the subject
and we've learned from the recent one
that that's not how you do things
you listen to the experts it may come as
a surprise to those who want regulation
but there are a lot of second amendment
advocates
who are more than happy to help come up
with
ideas that would actually help curtail
the problem
rather than just the means
some that are uh extremely popular
now some of these you get some pushback
on but not much
the first is there are loopholes
when it comes to being mean to animals
and dv
in theory if you're convicted
of hurting a family member you lose your
right to own
however if you cut a plea deal and it
gets knocked back
and it's not called that
well then you don't then it's okay
those loopholes have to be closed and
that's going to be more effective
at preventing the the type of situations
everybody's talking about the ones that
happen at schools
those are huge indicators
being mean to animals and domestic
issues those are
huge indicators of future problems
that right there needs to be solved
number one that that needs to be at the
top of the priority list
and you you're not going to have any
pushback from from the gun community on
that one
i don't know a single a
single second amendment supporter that
has an issue with that most openly
advocate for it
um i'm sure they exist i'm sure there's
a small minority out there
that would oppose it just on the shall
not be in french
side of things but it's not going to be
many and it's not going to be enough to
stop it
another one get a little bit more push
back on this one
is requiring that they be locked if
they're not
in the immediate possession of the owner
because
when these things happen at schools most
times the student didn't buy it
they went to a gun cabinet and they took
it
because it wasn't secured requiring that
they be secured
is a big one that could stop a lot of
problems before they start
and again that's going to be one that
you're going to have people whine about
but nobody's going to care and they'll
comply with it
most responsible owners do anyway
i know back when i owned i had
everything secured
and i didn't know many
who didn't
another one that's it's one of those
that
a whine about but at the end of the day
they'll be like yeah it's gonna probably
work
is raising the age a couple years
although there aren't many examples of
it happening
i think there's at least one where uh
an 18 year old student bought it
because you can get them at 18.
raising it a couple years they're no
longer in school
these are simple easy effective
solutions
that aren't going to be there you're not
going to get a lot of pushback on
and they'll be complied with which is
more important
now this is all legislative stuff but
that's not
the real fight that's not the real
battle not if you actually want to solve
the problem
so along with this and way more
important
is a massive education campaign
dealing with everything from safety
what to do if you find one that's
unlocked all of the normal stuff
and then how to identify the predictors
because the feds have pretty much
figured out the behaviors and
traits that people exhibit
before one of these things happens
they know do you
because they didn't put any effort into
telling everybody
and if we're going to preempt it we have
to know
that would be a big one along with that
another
campaign i guess would be the the term
for an advertising campaign
to demonstrate that the gun doesn't make
the man
because that's a big part of the problem
right now it's turned from a tool
into a symbol of masculinity and the way
you solve
all your problems that's got to change
that's got to change i would enlist the
help of the media
when it comes to an incident that does
happen
the only time that name gets brought up
is when it is revealing an embarrassing
fact about them
and i mean everything everything they've
ever done
that's embarrassing everything they they
wouldn't want people to know
that's what the coverage is no fame no
glory
just being mocked
all of this it helps now
along with the the education campaign
and being able to identify these things
we have to make sure that once they're
identified they can actually get
counseling
because just knowing it's going to
happen that doesn't really help anybody
so real counselors have to be available
these are real solutions these are
things that will actually help
rather than just remove the means you're
helping get rid of the motive
which is far more important even if you
remove the means you still have
an angry young man ready to do something
bad
address the motive um
so you have to have the counselors but
all of this stuff
this is dealing with a very very very
small
percentage of the issue
it's more dramatic because
it's i mean it is more dramatic
so it gets the headlines so it gets the
attention
so it gets the talking points so it gets
the policies
those that are listed as assault weapons
they make up about two percent two
percent of murders
not a uh not something that can really
be the keystone of a comprehensive plan
most the the best way to address it
would be
doing stuff that most people on this
channel want to do anyway addressing
social issues
having safety nets having a living wage
increasing access to health care mental
health care
education all of this stuff ending
prohibition because a whole lot of this
stems
from that black market
all of this stuff taken together it
changes the culture
and that's what we have to do because
before we ever get to the point where
we can actually deal with one of these
bands
we'd have to get it to the point where
people would comply with it
and right now they won't
um the ultimate
irony in all of this is that if you
changed the culture
and you got it back to it being viewed
as a tool
seem like a fire extinguisher something
you have
you know how to use but you pray to god
you never have to
the ban wouldn't be necessary
and at the end of the day
that's that's the route to go the route
to go is to address the motive
address the reasons it's happening the
breakdowns in society
that that are causing this
getting rid of the means doesn't mean
anything because as we've seen lately
you'll they'll use cars
there's uh
there's a wider issue here
this is just a symptom if you want to
get to root causes
you have to get to them and most of them
aren't even legislative
most of them are just making sure the
money's there
to to do the things we know need to be
done
most of it isn't creating legal
punishments
in fact honestly aside from the dv
and uh animal stuff
the other ones aren't really necessary
they would help
but they're not necessary if we could do
the other things they're more of a stop
gap
while while the culture is changing
but that's going to be a more effective
route
with 3d printing with the ability to
manufacture at home with the number and
circulation
we are not in a position
to do the same things that the uk or
australia did
our case numbers are too high
we're not at the point where we can open
the schools yet
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day